All right. Let's build some features.
So we'll start with our increasing list of imports,
and we'll load the data.
So I moved the code that loads the data into this module called activity
classifier utils just so that we don't
clutter up our notebook with code we've already seen before.
So these are the features we're going to build,
or at least a partial set of the features.
We have a handful of time domain features,
and a couple of frequency domain features.
The first few are just descriptive statistics on our data,
the mean, the standard deviation,
and various percentile values.
Then we're going to take the correlation of all pairs of channels,
the xy, yz and xc.
Then we're going to look at the total energy in each channel.
In the frequency domain,
we'll look at the dominant frequency for each channel,
as well as the fraction of energy in each one hertz band from 0-6 hertz.
But to begin, we're always going to low-pass filter our signal before processing it.
Here we set the low-pass cutoff frequency at 12 hertz,
which means we will remove all frequencies greater than 12 hertz.
Sometimes it's hard to know where you should set your cutoff frequency.
This goes back to our discussion of
the Nyquist frequency and the bandwidth of the signal re-sampling.
Typically what you do is,
you look at the literature and see what other people do.
If they're building the same features from the same signal as you,
you can just use the same cutoff frequency that they did.
So this is the function that we'll use to compute our features.
It takes in the x,
y, and z accelerometer channels,
as well as the sampling rates.
Again, we begin by low-pass filtering our signal.
I'll leave the implementation for some of these features to you in the next exercise.
Then when we come back in the next lesson,
we'll walk through that implementation.